Could not shutdown preemptively, might be okay: Database 'species' not found.
aaptos aaptos
abalistes stellaris
abelmoschus esculentus
abies balsamea
abies grandis
abra alba
abudefduf saxatilis
acacia senegal
acanthaster brevispinus
acanthaster planci
acanthis flammea
acanthiza pusilla
acanthochiton fascicularis
acanthochromis polyacanthus
acanthocyclops vernalis
acanthurus triostegus
acari
acartia tonsa
acer negundo
acer platanoides
acer pseudoplatanus
acer rubrum
acer saccharum
acetabularia crenulata
achillea millefolium
achillea ptarmica
achlya
achyranthes aspera
acineta
acipenser fulvescens
acipenser oxyrinchus
acipenser stellatus
acipenser transmontanus
aconitum napellus
acrida cinerea
acrobates pygmaeus
acrobeles ciliatus
acrobeles complexus
acrocephalus scirpaceus
acrophoca longirostris
acropora hyacinthus
actinia equina
actinophrys sol
actinopterygii
actinopyga mauritiana
acyrthosiphon pisum
adalia bipunctata
addax
adenia
adenium obesum
adenocystis utricularis
adromischus cristatus
aedes aegypti
aedes albopictus
aedes koreicus
aedes vexans
aegagropila linnaei
aepyceros melampus
aequorea victoria
agalychnis lemur
agama agama
agaonidae
agaricus bisporus
agaricus campestris
agaricus xanthodermus
agelaius phoeniceus
agelas clathrodes
agelena
agkistrodon piscivorus
aglaonema
agrilus planipennis
agrion splendens
agrostis stolonifera
ailurus fulgens
aiptasia pallida
aix galericulata
ajuga reptans
alauda gulgula
alaudidae
albula vulpes
albulidae
alburnus alburnus
alca
alcaudonia monticola
alces alces
alcyonidium diaphanum
aldrovanda vesiculosa
alectoris rufa
alectura lathami
alicia mirabilis
alisma plantago-aquatica
alligator mississippiensis
alligatoridae
allium ursinum
allomyces macrogynus
aloe arborescens
aloe ferox
aloe vera
alopex lagopus
alopias vulpinus
alopochen aegyptiaca
alosa pseudoharengus
alosa sapidissima
alpaca
alpheus bellulus
alticus saliens
alytes
amanita muscaria
amaranthus retroflexus
amblyeleotris aurora
amblyomma americanum
amblyopone pallipes
amblystoma tigrinum
ambystoma maculatum
ambystoma mexicanum
ambystoma tigrinum
ametabola
amia calva
amiidae
ammodramus savannarum
ammodytes marinus
amorphophallus konjac
amorphophallus paeoniifolius
amorphophallus titanum
amphioxus
amphiperater
amphipoda
amphiprion chrysogaster
amphiprion clarkii
amphiprion frenatus
amphiprion ocellaris
amphiprion percula
amphiprion polymnus
amphiuma means
amphiuma tridactylum
ampullaria
amygdalus communis
amylodiscus
anabaena flos-aquae
anabaena sphaerica
anableps anableps
anarhichas lupus
anarhichas minor
anas acuta
anas clypeata
anas platyrhynchos
anas strepera
anastrepha ludens
anatinae
anemonia cereus
anemonia sulcata
anemonia viridis
anguilla anguilla
anguilla reinhardtii
anguilla rostrata
anguilliformes
anisomorpha buprestoides
anisoptera
anolis carolinensis
anomalocaris
anomia
anopheles gambiae
anoplogaster cornuta
anser anser
anser cygnoides
anser indicus
antarctica
antarctocephalus tropicalis
antarctosaurus
antennarius commerson
antennarius striatus
anthoceros
anthocharis cardamines
anthopleura elegantissima
anthopleura sola
anthozoa
anthurium andraeanum
antilocapra americana
antirrhinum majus
antrozous pallidus
apanteles
aphelandra squarrosa
aphidius colemani
apis cerana
apis dorsata
apis florea
apis mellifera
aplopappus tenuisectus
aplysia californica
aplysia punctata
apocynum cannabinum
apodemus sylvaticus
apostasia nuda
apostichopus californicus
aptenodytes forsteri
apus apus
apus pacificus
aquila chrysaetos
aquila rapax
aquilegia vulgaris
arabis alpina
arachis hypogaea
arachis pintoi
arachnida
arachnocampa luminosa
arapaima gigas
archaeocyatha
arctocephalus forsteri
arctocephalus gazella
ardea alba
ardea cinerea
ardea herodias
ardeola grayii
ardeola ralloides
argiope aurantia
argyroneta aquatica
arion ater
arion lusitanicus
arius
armadillidium vulgare
armillaria mellea
armillaria ostoyae
artemia salina
artemisia annua
artemisia californica
artemisia tridentata
arthrodesmus
arthroleptis
artiodactyla
asbestopluma hypogea
ascophyllum nodosum
asellus
asimina triloba
asio flammeus
asio otus
aspergillus
astacopsis gouldi
astacus astacus
asterias
asterina gibbosa
astrochelys radiata
astyanax
atretochoana eiselti
atta
aulacorthum solani
aulonocara nyassae
aurelia
auricularia auricula-judae
australopithecus
australovenator wintonensis
austropotamobius pallipes
auxis rochei
auxis thazard
aythya affinis
aythya fuligula
aythya marila
aythya valisineria
bactrocera dorsalis
balaena mysticetus
balaenoptera acutorostrata
balaenoptera borealis
balaenoptera edeni
balaenoptera musculus
balanus
banksia
barbastella barbastellus
basiliscus basiliscus
bassaricyon alleni
bassariscus astutus
bassariscus sumichrasti
bathycoccus prasinos
bathycoelia thalassina
bathyergus
bathymodiolus thermophilus
bathynomus giganteus
batrachochytrium dendrobatidis
batrachoseps
begonia
bellis perennis
beroe
bettongia penicillata
betula pendula
biomphalaria
bipalium adventitium
bipes biporus
bison bison
bison bonasus
bitis gabonica
blaberus giganteus
blarina brevicauda
blatta
blattodea
boa constrictor imperator
boiga irregularis
bolbitis heudelotii
bombina
bombus impatiens
bombus pensylvanicus
bombus terrestris
bonasa
bonellia viridis
borago officinalis
boreopterus
bos grunniens
bos indicus
bos taurus
bosea
bothidae
bothriochloa ischaemum
bothrops asper
botrychium virginianum
botryllus schlosseri
botrytis cinerea
brachionus
brachycephalus
brachylophus fasciatus
brachytrupes
bradypus torquatus
branchiostoma
branta canadensis
brassica
bremia
breviceps adspersus
breviceps mossambicus
brevoortia
briareum asbestinum
brookesia micra
bruguiera
bubalus bubalis
bubalus mindorensis
bubo bubo
bubo scandiacus
buccinum undatum
bucephala clangula
bufo bufo
bufo calamita
bulimulus guadalupensis
bulinus
bulweria bulwerii
bunolagus
busarellus nigricollis
busycon
cacajao calvus
cacatua galerita
cactaceae
cactoblastis cactorum
caecobarbus geertsi
caenolestes
caenorhabditis
caiman
cairina
calamus bajonado
calamus nodosus
calanus finmarchicus
calidris
callianassa subterranea
callinectes sapidus
callisia fragrans
callistemon citrinus
callithrix jacchus
callitrichidae
callorhinus ursinus
calluna
calotes
calvatia gigantea
calypte anna
cambarus
camelus
campanula rapunculoides
canis adustus
canis aureus
canis dirus
canis familiaris
canis latrans
canis lupus
canis mesomelas
canis simensis
capra
caprella linearis
capsicum
carabus auratus
carapa guianensis
carassius
carcharhinus longimanus
carcharodon
carcinus maenas
cardamine pratensis
cardium edule
carduelis
carettochelys insculpta
carex
caridea
caridina
carnegiea gigantea
carpobrotus
carpodacus mexicanus
carpophilus dimidiatus
caryophyllia
castanea dentata
castor fiber
casuarina
catharanthus roseus
catla
catostomus catostomus
caudipteryx
causus rhombeatus
cavies
ceiba pentandra
ceiba speciosa
centris
centrophorus squamosus
centropyge interrupta
cephalophus monticola
cephalophus niger
cephalophus silvicultor
cephaloscyllium
cephalotes atratus
ceratocystis
ceratophrys cranwelli
cercocebus atys
cercopithecus
cerdocyon thous
cestum veneris
cetorhinus maximus
chaetodon striatus
chalinolobus
chamaeleo calyptratus
channa
chanos chanos
charadrius alexandrinus
charadrius hiaticula
charonia
chasmagnathus granulatus
chaunacops
chaunax endeavouri
cheiloscyllium punctatum
chelicerata
chelon
chelonia mydas
chelonibia testudinaria
chelus fimbriata
chilomycterus
chiloscyllium griseum
chinchilla
chiridota laevis
chironex fleckeri
chiroptera
chlamydomonas
chlamydosaurus kingii
chlamydoselachus anguineus
chlamyphorus truncatus
chlidonias niger
chlorella pyrenoidosa
chloris gayana
chlorophyllum
chlorophyta
chloropsis hardwickii
chondrus
chromis chromis
chromis viridis
chrysemys
chrysina resplendens
chrysolina herbacea
chrysomallon squamiferum
chrysomelidae
chrysomya rufifacies
chrysopelea ornata
chrysoperla
cichorium
ciconia ciconia
ciconia nigra
cimex lectularius
cinclus mexicanus
cinderella
ciona
circus
cissus quadrangularis
citrus medica var. sarcodactylis
citrus sinensis 'navel'
cladonia rangiferina
cladophora
cladosporium herbarum
clarias
clavator clavator
claviceps purpurea
clemmys
clibanarius
cloeon
clupea
cnemidophorus
cnidaria
coccothraustes
cochliomyia hominivorax
cochliomyia macellaria
codonopsis
coelophysis
coelorhynchus coelorhynchus
coelorhynchus fasciatus
coendou prehensilis
coleoptera
coleus
collembola
colletes daviesanus
colletes succinctus
colobus guereza
colossoma macropomum
columba
conolophus subcristatus
conophytum
conraua goliath
conus
cophixalus hinchinbrookensis
cora
coragyps atratus
corallina
corbicula fluminea
coregonus clupeaformis
coreoperca
corvus
corylus avellana
corynactis californica
corynebacterium diphtheriae
coryphaena
coryphaenoides armatus
coscinodiscus concinnus
cotesia congregata
cottus bairdi
cottus gobio
coturnix
crassostrea
crassula ovata
crataegus monogyna
crepidula fornicata
cricetomys gambianus
cricetulus
crinoidea
crocodylidae
crocodylus
crocus sativus
crocus vernus
crossandra
crossarchus obscurus
crossaster papposus
crossopterygians
cryptobranchus
cryptococcus
cryptotis parva
ctenocephalides
ctenochaetus strigosus
ctenopharyngodon idella
cuculus canorus
cuculus optatus
cucumis metuliferus
cucumis sativus
culex
cyanistes caeruleus
cyanocitta
cycas revoluta
cyclommatus metallifer
cyclopterus
cyclorana platycephala
cylindrotheca
cynomys
cynops orientalis
cynops pyrrhogaster
cynopterus brachyotis
cyphoma gibbosum
cyprinodon
cyprinus carpio
cyrtodactylus irianjayaensis
cystophora cristata
cytisus scoparius
daboia
dactylococcopsis
dactylopius coccus
dactylopterus volitans
danaus
danio
daphnia
dasyatis
dasycercus cristicauda
dasypus
dasyurus viverrinus
delphinus capensis
dendraster excentricus
dendrobates
dendrobium nobile
dendrobium speciosum
dendrocolaptes platyrostris
dendrocopos
dendroica tigrina
dendrolagus goodfellowi
dendrolimus pini
dendronephthya
dendrophylax lindenii
dermanyssus gallinae
dermatemys mawii
dermestes maculatus
dermochelys
desmarestia viridis
desmodus rotundus
desulfovibrio
diabrotica virgifera
diadema
diadophis punctatus
diaptomus
dicentrarchus labrax
diceros bicornis michaeli
dictamnus albus
didelphimorphia
didelphis marsupialis
didelphis virginiana
didinium nasutum
didymium
dieffenbachia seguine
digitalis purpurea
dilophosaurus wetherilli
dinobryon
dinocampus coccinellae
dinophysis acuta
diomedea
diomedes
dionaea muscipula
diopatra cuprea
diplocaulus
diplopoda
diplostomum
dipodomys
diprotodon optatum
dipsacus
diptera
dipylidium
dolichotis
dolomedes fimbriatus
donax
doridella steinbergae
dorylaimus stagnalis
doryteuthis pealeii
dracaena cinnabari
dracaena draco
dracaena trifasciata
draco volans
dreissena polymorpha
dreissena rostriformis bugensis
dromaius
drosophila
drymarchon
dryococelus australis
dryocopus pileatus
dugong dugon
dytiscus marginalis
echeneis naucrates
echidna rhodochilus
echinocactus grusonii
echinodermata
echinodorus grandiflorus
echinoidea
echinostoma revolutum
ectatomma ruidum
edmontonia
egretta garzetta
egretta novaehollandiae
egretta thula
egretta tricolor
eichhornia
eigenmannia virescens
eisenia andrei
eisenia fetida
elaeagnus angustifolia
elaphe
electra
electrophorus electricus
electrophorus varii
elephas
eleutherodactylus coqui
eleutherodactylus planirostris
elliptio complanata
elysia chlorotica
emydoidea blandingii
enallagma
encelia farinosa
encheliophis
engraulis
enhydra lutris nereis
ensatina eschscholtzii
ensis directus
enterobacter cloacae
enteroctopus dofleini
enteromorpha intestinalis
eperua falcata
ephippiorhynchus senegalensis
epinephelus
equus
eremias
eretmochelys imbricata
erica
erinaceus concolor
erinaceus europaeus
eriocheir
eriophorum vaginatum
erpeton tentaculatum
erpobdella punctata
escherichia
eschrichtius robustus
espeletia grandiflora
eublepharis macularius
eucalyptus
eucidaris tribuloides
eudyptes
eudyptula minor
euglena
eulampis jugularis
eumeces fasciatus
eumetopias
eunice
euonymus alatus
euphausia
euphorbia candelabrum
euprymna scolopes
eurotium repens
eurypterus
evarcha culicivora
exiguobacterium aurantiacum
exocoetidae
exosphaeroma
fagus grandifolia
fagus sylvatica
falco sparverius
fasciola
felis
ferocactus wislizeni
ficus
filobasidiella
flabellina
flabellinopsis iodinea
formica
fossorochromis rostratus
fragaria
frankia
fratercula arctica
fratercula corniculata
fregata
fritillaria
fucus serratus
fulica
fundulus heteroclitus
fungia scutaria
gadopsis
gadus
gafrarium tumidum
gaillardia
galago moholi
galeocerdo cuvier
galeodea echinophora
galerina
gallinago gallinago
gallinula
gallus gallus domesticus
gambusia affinis
gasteracantha cancriformis
gasterophilus
gasterosteus aculeatus
gastropoda
gavia
geastrum triplex
gekko gecko
gelidium
genetta servalina
genetta tigrina
geochelone
geochronus
geospiza
geothlypis trichas
geranium
gerrhosaurus major
gerris lacustris
geryon
gibbon
giganotosaurus carolinii
gigartina
gila
ginglymostoma cirratum
ginkgo biloba
giraffa
glaucis hirsuta
glaucocystis nostochinearum
glaucum
glaucus atlanticus
glechon
globicephala macrorhynchus
globicephala melas
globigerina
gloeocapsa
gloeotrichia echinulata
glomeris marginata
glossolepis
glycyrrhiza glabra
glyphis
glyptodon
gnathonemus
gobiodon acicularis
gobiodon rivulatus
gobiosoma
goliathus
goniodoris nodosa
gonodactylus smithii
gonyaulax
gordius aquaticus
gorgonia
gorgonocephalus arcticus
gorilla beringei beringei
gorilla gorilla gorilla
goura cristata
goura victoria
gracilaria
grampus
graptemys
grimpoteuthis
grus canadensis
grus grus
gryllotalpa gryllotalpa
gryllus bimaculatus
gulo
gymnarchus niloticus
gymnophiona
gymnosporangium
gymnothorax fimbriatus
gymnura micrura
gyps fulvus
gyrodactylus
hacquetia epipactis
hadogenes bicolor
haemaphysalis longicornis
haematoloechus floedae
haematopinus
haematopus longirostris
haematopus ostralegus
haliaeetus leucocephalus
haliaeetus pelagicus
halichoeres
halichondria panicea
haliclona oculata
haliclystus antarcticus
halieutaea coccinea
haliotis
hallucigenia sparsa
halocynthia
hapalemur aureus
hapalemur griseus
hapalochlaena
harpa
harpactea rubicunda
harpactira curvipes
hedeoma
hedera helix
hedysarum alpinum
helicobacter pylori
helicodiceros muscivorus
heliconius charithonia
helicops
helicoverpa
heliozoans
helix
heloderma suspectum
hemachatus haemachatus
hemidactylium scutatum
hemidactylus mabouia
hemigrammus
henricia sanguinolenta
heptranchias perlo
heracleum
hermodice carunculata
herpes
herpestes ichneumon
hesperornis
heteractis magnifica
heterobranchus longifilis
heterocephalus glaber
heterometrus spinifer
heteropoda venatoria
heteroptera
heterorhabditis bacteriophora
heterozius
hexactinellida
himantopus himantopus
hippocampus
hippopotamus
hirudo
holacanthus
homo
hoolock
hoplitis anthocopoides
hoplopagrus guntheri
hoplostethus atlanticus
hordeum
hormothamnion enteromorphoides
houttuynia cordata 'chameleon'
hoya carnosa 'compacta variegata'
hucho hucho
hucho perryi
hyalinobatrachium pellucidum
hydra vulgaris
hydrilla verticillata
hydrocotyle
hydrophiinae
hydrophilus piceus
hyla
hylobates lar
hymenocallis
hymenolepis diminuta
hymenolepis nana
hymenopus coronatus
hynobius nebulosus
hypomesus transpacificus
hypophthalmichthys molitrix
hypselodoris bullockii
hypsiboas
hypsizygus tessellatus
hysterangium
ibis
ichthyophis bannanicus
ichthyophonus
ichthyosaurus
ictalurus punctatus
idotea
iguana iguana
ilex
impatiens
imperata cylindrica
inachus dorsettensis
incisitermes minor
incisitermes snyderi
indostomus paradoxus
indri indri
indriidae
inia geoffrensis
inimicus didactylus
inonotus
ipomoea
iris pseudacorus
ischnochiton
isoetes lacustris
isometrus
isopoda
istiophorus platypterus
isurus paucus
ixodes
jacana
jaera marina
janua
jasus edwardsii
juglans nigra
juncus effusus
juniperus
kalanchoe daigremontiana
kareius bicoloratus
katsuwonus
keratella
kinixys erosa
kinosternon
kobus kob
kobus leche
kogia
kryptophanaron alfredi
labeo
labridae
labroides dimidiatus
labrus bergylta
lactuca sativa
laetiporus sulphureus
lagenorhynchus
lagopus muta
lagorchestes
lagostrophus fasciatus
lama glama
lama pacos
lampropeltis
lamprotornis superbus
lanius
larus
lasioglossum
lasiurus borealis
lasiurus cinereus
lasius niger
laticauda colubrina
laticauda laticaudata
laticauda semifasciata
latimeria
laurencia
leccinum scabrum
legionella pneumophila
leiognathus equulus
leiostomus
lemna minor
lemur
lepas anatifera
lepisosteus osseus
lepomis
leptinotarsa decemlineata
leptodactylus fragilis
leptodactylus pentadactylus
leptonychotes weddellii
leptopelis
leptospermum
lepus arcticus
lepus europaeus
lepus timidus
lethrinus
leucas aspera
leuciscus
leucorchestris arenicola
limanda ferruginea
limax
limnodrilus
limnodynastes peronii
limnodynastes tasmaniensis
limnoria tripunctata
limonium
limulus polyphemus
linckia laevigata
lingula anatina
lingulodinium polyedrum
liocarcinus depurator
liolaemus
lipotes vexillifer
lithobates clamitans
lithobates pipiens
lithops aucampiae
lithops optica
lithothamnion
litopenaeus vannamei
littorina littorea
lobelia cardinalis
lobodon
lobophyllia hemprichii
locusta migratoria
lolium
lophius piscatorius
lophodytes cucullatus
lophopora cristata
loxodonta
lutjanus
lutra lutra
lutra perspicillata
lycaon pictus pictus
lycoperdon
lycopersicon esculentum
lycosa
lynx canadensis
lynx rufus
macaca
macrobiotus hufelandi
macrocheira kaempferi
macrocystis
macroglossum
macrognathus siamensis
macropodidae
macropus
macrotermes natalensis
macrozoarces americanus
maerua
magnaporthe oryzae
magnolia grandiflora
malacanthus
malaclemys terrapin
malacochersus tornieri
malayopython reticulatus
mamillaria
mammillaria hahniana
mammuthus
mandrillus
manduca sexta
manis pentadactyla
manta
marah macrocarpa
maranta leuconeura
mareca penelope
margaritifera
marmota
martes
mastigias papua
mastigophora
mastomys natalensis
matteuccia struthiopteris
medicago sativa
medusagyne oppositifolia
megaceros
megachile
megapodius pritchardii
megaptera
megascolides
meiacanthus smithi
melampyrum arvense
melanerpes
melanocetus johnsonii
melanogrammus aeglefinus
meleagris gallopavo
meleagris ocellata
meles meles
meliphaga lewinii
mellivora
meloidogyne incognita
menidia menidia
menispermum
mentha piperita
menyanthes trifoliata
mephitis
mergus serrator
merluccius
mesocricetus auratus
mesopithecus
mesoplodon
metapenaeus
metasequoia glyptostroboides
metriaclima zebra
metridium senile
micrasterias
microcebus
microcystis aeruginosa
microhyla pulchra
microplitis
microtus arvalis
microtus pennsylvanicus
mictyris
millepora
mimulus
mimus gilvus
mimus polyglottos
mirounga
miscanthus
misgurnus anguillicaudatus
misumena vatia
misumessus oblongus
mnemiopsis
modiolus
moenkhausia
mola mola
moloch
monachus
monocentris japonica
monochamus
monodelphis domestica
monodon monoceros
monodonta lineata
monotremata
monotropa uniflora
monotropastrum humile
montipora
mora moro
morchella
morinda citrifolia
moringa
morus alba
motacilla alba
motacilla cinerea
mugil
munida quadrispina
muntiacus muntjak
murex pecten
musa paradisiaca
musca
mussaenda erythrophylla
mustela
mycena chlorophos
mycteroperca microlepis
myotis lucifugus
myrmecia pilosula
myrmecocystus
myrmecophaga
myrsine africana
myxobolus cerebralis
naja
nannacara anomala
nannochloropsis
nanomia bijuga
narcine
nassarius
natator
natrix natrix
nautilus
necrosyrtes monachus
necturus maculosus
neisseria
nematoda
nematomorpha
neoclinus blanchardi
neoglyphidodon melas
neohelix albolabris
neophema
neopilina galatheae
neotoma cinerea
nepenthes
nephila
nereis virens
nerodia
netta
nicrophorus
noctiluca scintillans
nostoc commune
notemigonus crysoleucas
nothobranchius
nothofagus antarctica
notonecta
notophthalmus viridescens
notoryctes caurinus
novacastria
nucella lapillus
nudibranchia
numenius
numida meleagris
nycticebus pygmaeus
nycticorax nycticorax
nycticorax violaceus
nyctimene
nymphaea alba
nymphaea pubescens
obelia geniculata
ochetellus glaber
ochotona
ochromonas
octopus
odobenus rosmarus
odocoileus virginianus
odonata
odontoceti
odontodactylus scyllarus
oecophylla
okapi johnstoni
okapia
olea
oleneocharax
oligoryzomys longicaudatus
olindias formosus
oliva oliva
oliva sayana
oncopeltus fasciatus
oncorhynchus
oniscus
ophiocordyceps unilateralis
ophionyssus
ophiothrix fragilis
opisthobranchia
opistognathus aurifrons
opuntia
orchestia gammarellus
orchids
oreochromis mossambicus
oreochromis niloticus
orius laevigatus
ornithoptera alexandrae
ornithorhynchus
oryctolagus cuniculus
oryx
oryza sativa
oryzias latipes
osmerus eperlanus
osmerus mordax
osteolaemus
ostracion
ostrea edulis
ostrea equestris
otis tarda
ovibos moschatus
ovis aries
ovis canadensis
oxyjulis
oxyura leucocephala
pachycereus
pachydactylus bibronii
pachyornis elephantopus
pachyrhinosaurus
pagellus bogaraveo
pagrus auriga
pagrus major
pagurus
palaemon serratus
palinurus elephas
pan troglodytes
pandalus
pangasius hypophthalmus
panthera
papilio machaon
papilio polytes
papio
parablennius
paracanthurus
paracentrotus lividus
paracucumaria tricolor
paralithodes camtschaticus
paramecium aurelia
paramecium caudatum
parastichopus parvimensis
pardosa amentata
parides iphidamas
paroedura picta
parthenocissus quinquefolia
partula
passer
patella caerulea
patella vulgata
pavo
pelagia
pelargonium zonale
pelecanus
pelobates fuscus
pelobates syriacus
pelodiscus sinensis
peloroplites cedrimontanus
penaeus
penicillium
pennatulacea
perca flavescens
perdix perdix
peridinium
periophthalmus barbarus
peripatoides
peripatopsis
periplaneta
periplata americana
perissodactyla
peromyscus leucopus
peromyscus maniculatus
perophora viridis
petroica
petrolisthes lamarckii
petromyzon marinus
petrosia ficiformis
phaeocystis
phaeodactylum tricornutum
phalacrocorax penicillatus
phalangeridae
phalaropus lobatus
phallus impudicus
phascolarctos
phasianella ventricosa
phasianus
phasmatodea
philadelphus coronarius
philodendron hederaceum
philodina
phoca
phocoena phocoena
phocoenoides dalli
phoenicopterus minor
phormium
photocorynus spiniceps
phragmites australis
phronima sedentaria
phrynosoma cornutum
phycella cyathiflora
phycodrys
phycodurus eques
phyllidia ocellata
phyllomedusa sauvagii
phyllophaga
phyllostachys
phyllostomus discolor
physalia
physarum polycephalum
phytophthora infestans
phytophthora ramorum
pica
picus viridis
pila globosa
pimephales promelas
pinctada
pinguicula vulgaris
pinus
pipa parva
pipa pipa
pipistrellus pipistrellus
piscicola
pistia stratiotes
placobdella parasitica
planorbella
planorbis corneus
planorbis planorbis
platalea leucorodia
platanus occidentalis
platycerium bifurcatum
platypus
plecoptera
plectropomus leopardus
pleurodeles waltl
pleuronectes platessa
pluchea odorata
pluvialis
pocillopora damicornis
podiceps cristatus
podocarpus macrophyllus
podocnemis
poecilia reticulata
poecilia sphenops
pollachius
polycirrus
polyodon
polyommatus icarus
polypedates teraiensis
polypterus bichir
pomacanthus imperator
pomacentrus alleni
pomatomus
pomatoschistus microps
pontederia cordata
pontella mediterranea
pontoporia
populus
porcellio
porifera
porites lobata
porphyra umbilicalis
porphyrio
portunus
potamogeton
potamonautes sidneyi
potamotrygon motoro
potorous tridactylus
presbytis
priacanthus
prionace glauca
prionailurus rubiginosus
prionailurus viverrinus
procambarus
procellaria aequinoctialis
procyon pygmaeus
propithecus verreauxi
protemnodon
proteus anguinus
protopterus
pseudacris
pseudechis australis
pseudomonas
pseudopterogorgia bipinnata
pseudoryx nghetinhensis
pseudotropheus zebra
psilocybe cubensis
psittacula krameri
psittacus
psychrolutes marcidus
pterois volitans
pteromys volans
pteropus
ptilinopus magnificus
puffinus puffinus
puma
pungitius
puntius conchonius
puntius tetrazona
pycnogonida
pycnogonum littorale
pygoscelis antarctica
pyrosoma
pythium ultimum
python molurus
pyura stolonifera
quercus
quiscalus quiscula
rafflesia arnoldii
raja clavata
raja undulata
ramazzottius varieornatus
rana
rangifer
raphus
rattus
recurvirostra americana
recurvirostra avosetta
recurvirostra novaehollandiae
reduvius
regalecus
reinwardtoena browni
reinwardtoena reinwardtii
reptilia
rhabditis
rhagionidae
rhagoletis pomonella
rhinella
rhinoceros sondaicus
rhinocerotidae
rhipicephalus appendiculatus
rhipsalis baccifera
rhizobium
rhizophora apiculata
rhizophora mangle
rhizostoma
rhodnius prolixus
rhodophyta
rhodymenia palmata
rhopalomyces elegans
rhynchocyon
rhytidoponera chalybaea
ricinus communis
rickenella fibula
riftia pachyptila
rissa
rivulus hartii
robinia
rosa canina
rotifera
rubus
rumex
rupicapra
ruspolia differens
rutilus rutilus
rynchops niger
sabal palmetto
sabanejewia
sabella pavonina
sabella spallanzanii
sabellaria alveolata
saccharina latissima
saccharomyces
saccharum officinarum
saccoglossus kowalevskii
sagina procumbens
sagitta
salamandra salamandra
salix caprea
salmo
salpa maxima
salvelinus namaycush
sanguisorba minor
sapindus mukorossi
saprolegnia
sarcodina
sarcophaga carnaria
sarcophilus harrisii
sarcoptes
sarcoramphus papa
sarda sarda
sargassum
sarothamnus scoparius
sauripterus
scaphirhynchus
scarus ghobban
scarus quoyi
sceloporus
schefflera actinophylla
schistocerca gregaria
schistosoma
schizura concinna
sciurus vulgaris
scomber
scophthalmus rhombus
scorpaena scrofa
scotoplanes globosa
scutigera coleoptrata
scutigerella immaculata
scyphozoa
scytodes
sedum spurium
segestria florentina
selaginella lepidophylla
selaginella willdenowii
sepia
sepioteuthis sepioidea
sequoia sempervirens
seriola
serpula
sesarma
shastasaurus
sialia sialis
sicyopterus stimpsoni
siganus
silene
silurus glanis
simuliidae
sinularia flexibilis
siphonaria lessonii
siphonaria pectinata
siphonops annulatus
siphonosoma
sistrurus catenatus catenatus
sistrurus miliarius
sitta
smilodon fatalis
socratea exorrhiza
solanum tuberosum
solea
solenopsis
somateria mollissima
somateria spectabilis
somniosus microcephalus
sorex cinereus
sorex vagrans
sorghastrum nutans
sorghum bicolor
spalax
sparisoma viride
spermophilus
sphaerichthys osphromenoides
sphaerotilus natans
sphagnum
spheniscus demersus
spheniscus humboldti
spheniscus magellanicus
sphenodon punctatus
sphingomonas paucimobilis
sphyrna tiburo
spilogale
spilopelia chinensis
spinus spinus
spirobranchus giganteus
spirorbis spirorbis
spirulina platensis
spodoptera
spongia officinalis
squatina squatina
staphylinidae
staphylococcus
stegastes
stellaria media
stenella
stenopus hispidus
stercorarius parasiticus
stercorarius pomarinus
sterna
stichopus
stipa
strelitzia reginae
streptococcus pneumoniae
streptomyces
strix aluco
strongylocentrotus
styela
stygiomedusa gigantea
stygobromus
stylaster roseus
suberites ficus
sus
symbiodinium
symphalangus syndactylus
symphodus tinca
symphysodon
symphytum
synagoga
synanceia horrida
syringa
tachyglossus
tadorna tadorna
taenia
taeniopygia guttata
takifugu
talitrus saltator
talpa
taphozous mauritianus
tapirus
tardigrada
taricha
tarsius spectrum
tarsius syrichta
taxodium ascendens
taxodium distichum
taxus
tectona grandis
tegenaria
tellina tenuis
telmatobius
tenebrio
tenrec ecaudatus
tephrocactus geometricus
testudo graeca
testudo hermanni
tetraena qatarensis
tetrahymena
tetraodon
teuthowenia pellucida
thalassarche
thalassia testudinum
thalassoma bifasciatum
thamnophis sirtalis
thanatotheristes
thaumatichthys
theraphosa blondi
theropoda
thiobacillus
thrips tabaci
thunnus
thymallus
thymichthys politus
tibicen
tigriopus
tilia
tillandsia usneoides
tinamou
tipularia discolor
titanoboa cerrejonensis
todarodes
tolypocladium inflatum
torreornis inexpectata
toxostoma rufum
trachurus trachurus
trachymedusae
trachypenaeus
trachypithecus obscurus
tragelaphus eurycerus
tragelaphus strepsiceros
tremella mesenterica
triceratops horridus
trichechus
trichinella
trichogramma pretiosum
trichomonas
tridacna
trifolium repens
trigona carbonaria
trigonocephalus
trigonostoma scabrum
trilobita
trimeresurus
triops longicaudatus
tripedalia cystophora
triportheus albus
troglodytes troglodytes
trogloraptor marchingtoni
troides
tropidurus torquatus
trypanosoma
tubastrea coccinea
tubipora musica
tupinambis
turdus merula
turdus pilaris
turdus viscivorus
tursiops
tylomelania sp.
typha domingensis
typha latifolia
tyrannosaurus rex
tyto
uca
ulmus americana
ulva
umbonia spinosa
undaria pinnatifida
unio
upogebia
upupa epops
uranoscopus scaber
uria
urochloa
urocordylus
uroleucon
uromastyx
uroplatus fimbriatus
ursus
urtica dioica
usnea
ustilago maydis
utricularia gibba
utricularia macrorhiza
vaccinium
vallisneria spiralis
valonia
vandellia cirrhosa
vanellus
varanus komodoensis
varanus niloticus
varanus salvator
vargula hilgendorfii
varroa
velella velella
velia
velociraptor mongoliensis
venerupis philippinarum
venturia
verbascum thapsus
vesicularia
vespula
vibrio
vicugna
vigna radiata
vigna unguiculata
viminaria juncea
vinca
vincetoxicum hirundinaria
vincetoxicum nigrum
viola
vipera berus
virachola isocrates
vireo olivaceus
virgibacillus salexigens
viridiplantae
vitis rotundifolia
vitis vinifera
volvox
vulpes
wahlbergiana
walchia
wallabia bicolor
walrus
washingtonia
watsonella
wattieza
wedelia trilobata
weismannia quadrata
welwitschia mirabilis
westiellopsis prolifica
wisteria sinensis
wolffia
xanthium
xanthoparmelia conspersa
xanthoria parietina
xenicus
xenoconger fryeri
xenodermus javanicus
xenodochus
xenodon rabdocephalus
xenops minutus
xenopus
xerocomellus chrysenteron
xeropicta derbentina
xestospongia muta
xiphias
xylaria polymorpha
xylocopa
yucca
zaglossus
zalophus californianus
zea mays
zebrasoma flavescens
zenaida
zingiber
ziziphus mauritiana
zoanthus
zoarces viviparus
zonotrichia
zooplankton
zorocrates
zoropsis
zorotypus
zospeum tholussum
zostera capensis
zostera marina
zostera noltii
zygaena filipendulae
zygnemopsis
zygomycetes
zyzzyx
